In exercise number three,
we're going to be using an interpreter.
And so we're going to be using
the interpreter in order to interpret
that a very similar machine to
what we had in the first exercise
and so our first step is going to
be actually creating that machine.
Then we're going to be creating
a service using interpret and
passing that machine into that service.
So we listen for state transitions by
doing service dot on transition and
adding a state listener into there.
And what we want to do is instead
of just console logging the states,
we actually wants to do the same thing
where we're setting the data state
attribute of L box to either active or
inactive.
Now we want to do this
a little bit differently.
Instead of clicking to go
from active to inactive,
we want those to be two separate events.
We want it to be the mouse down event and
the mouse up event so
when you click mouse down, it's active but
as soon as you release your mouse and
you haven't mouse up events,
it goes to inactive.